That's 3 Hours of Tart
What is the bug that is approaching?
Good evening.
Genzo Akagaki, the elder brother of the Shioyama family.
You seem to be well dressed.
As you can see, your right hand is open.
You can't speak with your hand in your pocket.
I'm afraid you can't speak with your hand in your pocket.
Please take off your umbrella.
I'll take off my umbrella and put it inside.
I'm afraid you can't speak with your hand in your pocket.
The elder brother of the Shioyama family.
Please.
The bug that is approaching.
You must be Genzo.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but your cheeks are red.
Don't be angry.
If you get angry, you'll get a stomachache.
I'm sorry.
Get a fellowship.
Don't be angry just because your cheeks are red.
If you are in anyway.